                       (press [Enter] to scroll)

Partitioning
------------
Feliz used to offer tools to modify existing partitions and create new partitions.
However, there have recently been serious problems with this code, so those options
have been removed until the bugs can be fixed. This means that the partitions you
wish to use for installation must be created before running Feliz.

I recommend using Gparted Live (https://gparted.org/download.php), or a similar
partitioning program, to prepare the partition table in advance, in accordance with
the procedures set out in the Arch Wiki.

A more basic alternative to Gparted is called cfdisk, and it is included with the
Feliz session. To use it, exit Feliz to the command line and type:
   cfdisk
If there is no partition table on the device, cfdisk will offer a table of options.
   For BIOS systems, choose: msdos (which is an alternative name for MBR),
   or for UEFI systems, choose gpt.
Further advice on using cfdisk can be found here:
   http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/IBM7248-HOWTO/cfdisk.html
After setting up your partitions (see suggestions below) save the settings, exit
cfdisk, and type:
   ./feliz.sh
If Feliz still informs you that there are no partitions, try shutting down the
session and restarting. If that fails, then Gparted may be your best bet.

                       (press [Enter] to scroll)

The partitions you need for Arch Linux might be as follows:

For a BIOS/MBR system ...
A root partition of at least 8GB (up to 15GB, depending on available space) - type ext4;
If desired, a swap partition up to 4GB - type linux-swap (or Feliz can make a swap file);
If desired, a home partition of 10GB or more (for all your programs, data, etc) - type ext4.

For a UEFI/GPT system …
An EFI partition of 512MB to 1GB of type vfat;
A root partition of at least 8GB (up to 15GB, depending on available space) - type ext4;
If desired, a swap partition up to 4GB - type linux-swap (or Feliz can make a swap file);
If desired, a home partition of 10GB or more (for all your programs, data, etc) - type ext4.

If you do not desire a separate home partition, then your root partition should be 20GB or bigger.

Liz Mills (developer, Feliz)